Some of you might be wondering,
how do I know when a function called to a smart contract has gone through?
That is an excellent question.
One way to do that will be to emit a log within
this smart contract or when a certain action has occurred.
Let's go back to remix and look at the Smart Contracts.
Let's figure out a way if we can be notified somehow when this function is called.
One way we can do that is by emitting events,
which are basically logs in survey.
Let's define our event,
the event is going to be called star point as
window log the address of the new owner from start.
When someone claims to start here will emit this event.
All right. Let's see if this compiles.
It does and let's go ahead and deploy it again.
So now, we deployed a new version of the Smart Contract with
a new address and because we now have a new event,
we use a different API as well.
We go back to the compile tab and click on details,
you'll see that the API has one more field,
which is an event for star planes.
Go ahead and copy that API.
If you go back to your code,
you're going to replace the old API with the new one.
Similarly, because we had to create a new contract,
since launching this needable,
it now has a new contract with a new contract address.
Go ahead and click on the coffee value to clipboard button
again in order to get the new value for the Smart Contract address.
Go ahead and replace it with the old one that we have here.
Great. So now, we have access to star claimed event.
Let's go ahead and use it here.
Before reloading the page like this,
let's first check if the event was fired and the way we would do that,
we would create star planed event,
which equals starNotary.starClaimed,
and we're going to watch on it,
which is a function that once again gives us an error and the results.
It was properly fired without an error,
that's when we can reload the page,
otherwise we're going to go ahead and make a console statements,
then I'll go see get debug further.
That's it. Now, we can go back and have a slightly better version.
To see how it take a little bit more time because I wanted to make
sure that we had an updated value when you start owning.